[http://www.voxforge.org/ VoxForge] was set up to collect transcribed speech to create a GPL Speech Corpus for use
with Open Source Speech Recognition Engines. These Speech Audio files are then 'compiled'
into Acoustic Models for use with Open Source Speech Recognition engines such as HTK,
Julius, ISIP, and Sphinx.

The [http://www.voxforge.org/home/downloads/quickstart-download QuickStart Download] was designed to highlight the use of VoxForge Acoustic Models with
Open Source Speech Recognition Engines.  We will start with a download that uses the
Julius Speech Recognition Engine.   

These downloads contain everything you need to get Julius working:

    * Julius Speech Recognition Engine executables;
    * !VoxForge Acoustic Model files;
    * !VoxForge sample Grammar files; and
    * Cygwin executables (Windows only).

Click the link for your operating system and follow the instructions in the enclosed
README file.

Note: the Acoustic Models currently included with the [http://www.voxforge.org/home/downloads/quickstart-download QuickStart Downloads] are still in
alpha stage, so the recognition quality reflects this.  We need much more GPL transcribed
speech audio to create decent quality Acoustic Models.  So please take the time to submit
some transcribed speech to [http://www.voxforge.org/ VoxForge].  Go to the Submit Speech link for instructions on how
to do this.

© 2005-2008 [http://www.voxforge.org/ VoxForge]; Legal: [http://www.voxforge.org/home/about/legal Terms and Conditions]