===[http://voxforge.googlecode.com/files/SubmitSpeech.html Start the Speech Submission Java Applet]===

||[http://www.voxforge.org/home/read2/java-security-warning For more information on the  Java Security Warning pop-up]||

==Instructions==
Please fill in all the required fields on the form.   

==Before you Begin Recording Prompts==

Position your mike so it does not pick up your breathing.  While recording, try to minimize any non-speech noises (i.e. lip smacking, taking a breath, ...) or background noise.  Don't exhale until after you have clicked the Stop button. 

The black box near the bottom of your screen will display the audio waveform of your recording. Please [http://www.voxforge.org/home/read2/java-security-warning record a test recording] to ensure your mike volume is not too high or too low.

==Recording Prompts ==

For each prompt line, please record your speech as follows:

   # click the Record button,
   # pause for half a second,
   # Read the corresponding prompt sentence,
   # pause for half a second, and then
   # click the the Stop button.
   # If you make a mistake, click Record again to re-record your prompt.

Once you have completed recording all ten prompts the Upload button will activate. Click the Upload button to upload your entire submission to the VoxForge repository as a single zip file.

Repeat the process (multiple are submissions encouraged!)  

==Other Options for Submitting Speech==

  * [http://www.voxforge.org/home/other using the using Audacity audio editor],
  * [http://www.voxforge.org/home/other using your telephone].

||[http://www.voxforge.org/home/read2/java For help if you are having problems with the Speech Submission Java Applet]||